Add devices/properties badges (#2321)
pytorch/audio: docs/source/supported_features.rst

> Supported Features

Reviewer: thoughts on renaming this "Supported Properties" or something of that nature? could be slightly confusing to use feature as both the overall feature set and as a subset (autograd/torchscript)

Author: Yes! I was also feeling that "feature" is overloaded here. Thanks for the suggestion. Will do.

Author: Updated. It still uses the ambiguous `feature` term. Let me know what you think.

Author: I am thinking to mention numerical compatibility with other libraries such as librosa and Kaldi, so let me follow-up on this one.

==================

Each TorchAudio API supports different set of PyTorch features, such as different devices and data types.
Supported features are indicated in API references like the following.

.. devices:: CPU CUDA

.. features:: Autograd TorchScript

> These icon mean that they are verified through automated testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These icons mean that they are verified through automated testing.
```

.. note::

   Missing feature icons mean that they are not tested, and this can mean

>    different things, depending on APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   different things, depending on the API.
```

   1. The API is compatible with the feature but not tested.
   2. The API is not compatible with the feature.

   In case of 2, API might explicitly raise an error, but that is not always the case.
   For example, APIs with missing Autograd badge might throw an error on backward path,

>    or silently returns a wrong gradient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   or silently return a wrong gradient.
```

If you use an API with the feature not supported, you might want to first verify that the
feature works fine.

Devices
-------

CPU
^^^

.. devices:: CPU

TorchAudio APIs that support CPU can perform the computation on CPU tensors.

CUDA
^^^^

.. devices:: CUDA

TorchAudio APIs that support CUDA can perform the computation on CUDA devices.

In case of functions, move the tensor arguments to CUDA device before passing them to a function.

For example

.. code:: python

   cuda = torch.device("cuda")
          
   waveform = waveform.to(cuda)
   spectrogram = torchaudio.functional.spectrogram(waveform)

The classes with CUDA support are implemented with :py:func:`torch.nn.Module`.
It is also necessary to move the instance to CUDA device, before passing CUDA tensors.

For example

.. code:: python

   cuda = torch.device("cuda")

   resampler = torchaudio.transforms.Resample(8000, 16000)
   resampler.to(cuda)

   waveform.to(cuda)
   resampled = resampler(waveform)

Features
--------

Autograd
^^^^^^^^

.. features:: Autograd

TorchAudio APIs with autograd support can correctly propagate the gradient in its backward path.

> For the basic of autograd, please checkout this `tutorial <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/blitz/autograd_tutorial.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the basics of autograd, please checkout this `tutorial <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/blitz/autograd_tutorial.html>`_.
```

.. note::

>    APIs without this mark might or might not raise and error in back propagation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   APIs without this mark may or may not raise and error in back propagation.
```

   The lack of error in back propagatoin does not mean the feature computes the gradient correctly.

TorchScript
^^^^^^^^^^^

.. features:: TorchScript

TorchAudio APIs with TorchScript support can be serialized and executed on non-Python environments.

> For the deetail of TorchScript, please checkout the `documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the detail of TorchScript, please checkout the `documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_.
```

feature works fine.

Devices
-------

CPU
^^^

.. devices:: CPU

TorchAudio APIs that support CPU can perform the computation on CPU tensors.

CUDA
^^^^

.. devices:: CUDA

TorchAudio APIs that support CUDA can perform the computation on CUDA devices.

In case of functions, move the tensor arguments to CUDA device before passing them to a function.

For example

.. code:: python

   cuda = torch.device("cuda")
          
   waveform = waveform.to(cuda)
   spectrogram = torchaudio.functional.spectrogram(waveform)

The classes with CUDA support are implemented with :py:func:`torch.nn.Module`.
It is also necessary to move the instance to CUDA device, before passing CUDA tensors.

For example

.. code:: python

   cuda = torch.device("cuda")

   resampler = torchaudio.transforms.Resample(8000, 16000)
   resampler.to(cuda)

   waveform.to(cuda)
   resampled = resampler(waveform)

Porperties
----------

Autograd
^^^^^^^^

.. properties:: Autograd

TorchAudio APIs with autograd support can correctly propagate the gradient in its backward path.

For the basics of autograd, please checkout this `tutorial <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/blitz/autograd_tutorial.html>`_.

.. note::

>    APIs without this mark may or may not raise and error in back propagation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   APIs without this mark may or may not raise an error during backpropagation.
```

>    The lack of error in back propagatoin does not mean the gradient is correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The absence of an error raised during backpropagation does not necessarily mean the gradient is correct.
```

TorchScript
^^^^^^^^^^^

.. properties:: TorchScript

> TorchAudio APIs with TorchScript support can be serialized and executed on non-Python environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TorchAudio APIs with TorchScript support can be serialized and executed in non-Python environments.
```

> For the detail of TorchScript, please checkout the `documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on TorchScript, please refer to the `documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_.
```
